# 🎮 Quickstart

[DIDroom Microservices](/solution#didroom-microservices) are the technological core of the solution: those components offer cryptographic functions as well as transport protocols. The microservices are completely isolated from the Dashboard, meaning that: 
- The code is hosted in a separated repo
- The microservices can run independently from the Dashboard
- Each microservice has its own secret keys and DID to identify them: those are generated by the microservice at its first provisioning

## Installing DiDRoom Microservices

Welcome to DiDRoom Microservices installation guide! Below are two recommended ways to install DiDRoom Microservices:

### Recommended Way: Download Zip File

This method is recommended for users who want a quick and hassle-free installation experience. Follow these steps:

1. **Download Zip File**: Visit [dashboard.didroom.com](https://dashboard.didroom.com) and download the zip file containing all the necessary components. This zip file comes pre-configured with all the flows for your credentials, including a working authorization server, credential issuer, and verification flow. Additionally, it includes a user-friendly UI and allows you to inject custom business rules.

2. **Extract and Configure**: Extract the zip file to your desired location and follow the provided instructions to configure the components according to your requirements.

3. **Ready to Use**: Once configured, your DiDRoom Microservices are ready to use! Start managing decentralized identities and secure communication seamlessly.

```bash
make up
```

### Alternative Way: Clone and Compile

This method is recommended for advanced users who prefer to have full control over their installation process. Follow these steps:

1. **Clone Repository**: Clone the DiDRoom Microservices repository from our GitHub page.

2. **Compile .well-known and Credential Issuance Info**: Compile your .well-known file and credential issuance information according to your specific needs and requirements.

3. **Customize and Configure**: Customize and configure the microservices as needed for your applications. Ensure all components are correctly configured and integrated.

4. **Deployment**: Deploy the microservices in your environment and start managing decentralized identities and secure communication.

<<< @/installation_instructions/didroom-microservices-installer.sh

You should see something like this

<video controls="controls" src="/installation_instructions/didroom-microservices.mp4" />


Choose the installation method that best suits your preferences and requirements, and enjoy the benefits of DiDRoom Microservices!

